Docs rework (#367)
ElrondNetwork/sc-dex-rs: dex/farm/README.md

### exitFarm

```rust
    #[payable("*")]
    #[endpoint(exitFarm)]
    fn exit_farm(
        &self,
        #[var_args] opt_accept_funds_func: OptionalValue<ManagedBuffer>,
    );
```

This endpoint receives one payment, and that is the Farm Position. Based on an internal counter that the contract keeps track of, which is the __rps__ - meaning reward per share, the contract can calculate the reward that it needs to return to the caller for those specific tokens that he has sent. The output will consist of two payments: the LP tokens initially added and the accumulated rewards.

This contract simulates per-block-reward-generation by keeping track of the last block that generated mex and keeps updating on every endpoint execution. Everytime an execution happens, the contract will generate the rewards for previous blocks. This is the case for the first successful TX inside a block, so only once per block this check has to be made and the action to be taken.

> If a user decides to exit too early and to support the penalty, this contract will take a part of its input LP tokens and will used them to buyback-and-burn MEX. This is done via a smart contract call to the configured pair contract address, via __removeLiquidityAndBuybackAndBurnToken__ endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user decides to exit too early, they will receive a penalty. This contract will take a part of its input LP tokens and will used them to buyback-and-burn MEX. This is done via a smart contract call to the configured pair contract address, via __removeLiquidityAndBuybackAndBurnToken__ endpoint.
```

### claimRewards

```rust
    #[payable("*")]
    #[endpoint(claimRewards)]
    fn claim_rewards(
        &self,
        #[var_args] opt_accept_funds_func: OptionalValue<ManagedBuffer>,
    );
```

This endpoint receives at least one payment:

> - The first payment is a Farm position that is 'harvested'. So for this position, the contract will calculate the reward and will return it to its caller. The contract will create a new position that has the ```RPS`` (Reward per share) resetted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The first payment is a Farm position that is 'harvested'. So for this position, the contract will calculate the reward and will return it to its caller. The contract will create a new position that has the ```RPS`` (Reward per share) reset.
```
